Update operations.md (#19)
MewsSystems/gitbook-distributor-guide: distributor-api-v1/operations.md

```javascript
{
    "RateGroups": [
        {
            "Id": "634d4625-e127-4282-a17d-ab51010e4deb",
            "SettlementType": "Manual",
            "SettlementAction": "ChargeCreditCard",
            "SettlementTrigger": "Start",
            "SettlementOffset": "P0M0DT0H0M0S",
            "SettlementValue": 1.00000000,

>             "SettlementMaximumNights": null

Reviewer: I see also `SettlementExtent: ["Nights", "Products", "AdditionalExpenses"]` in the response, should that be described too?

Author: Nope, that one i will delete since it is not used anywhere on FE nor BE

|  | Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `RateGroups` | array of [RateGroup](operations.md#rategroup) | required | Information about all available rate groups. |
| `Rates` | array of [Rate](operations.md#rate) | required | Information about all available rates. |
| `RoomCategoryAvailabilites` | array of [RoomCategoryAvailability](operations.md#roomcategoryavailability) | required | Availabilities of room categories. If a room category is not available, it is not included. |

#### RateGroup   <a id="rategroup"></a>

|  | Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the rate. |
| `SettlementType` | string | required | `Automatic`, `Manual`. Determines if system will charge reservation cost automatically or if you'd like employees to manually process payments. |
| `SettlementAction` | string | required | `ChargeCreditCard`, `CreatePreauthorization`. Determines how payment will be taken at time of automatic trigger. Valid if settlement is automatic only. |

> | `SettlementTrigger` | string | required | Moment that amount is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the amount when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. |

Reviewer 2: @dobras could you please add here all possible options as well?

> | `SettlementTrigger` | string | required | Moment that extent cost is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the extent cost when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. |

Reviewer: what is extent cost?

Author: Same as above. I will delete it in upcoming sprint

> | `SettlementTrigger` | string | required | Moment that amount is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the amount when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. Possible triggers: `Confirmation`, `Start`, `End`, `StartDate`, `EndDate`. |

Reviewer 3: This is not how we document enums. It should be separate heading.

> | `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Time added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge extent cost 1 day before). |

Reviewer: would it make sense to describe the format of `P0M0DT0H0M0S`, just so it's more understandable?

Author: I will add that it is ISO 8601 format. Thanks!

> | `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Time in ISO 8601 format added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge extent cost 1 day before). |

Reviewer 2: @dobras ⛏ maybe add a link to wiki article? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations

> | `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Time in ISO 8601 format added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge extent cost 1 day before). |

Reviewer 2: @dobras also don't understand what is the `extend cost`

Author: It is extent that i will delete in upcoming sprints because it is not being used at all. Good catch, thanks

> | `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Time in [ISO 8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge the amount 1 day before).|

Reviewer 3: Check how time intervals are documented in connector API and copy the structure. It is not time but time interval.

Reviewer 3: Space before closing `|`

> | `SettlementValue` | string | required | Percentage of the total extent cost that's charged automatically (for example, a 100 settlement value will charge the full cost of extent included below). Value is charged at the time of settlement trigger plus time difference from offset. |

Reviewer: in response it seems it's a number

Author: Correct, will fix it

> | `SettlementValue` | decimal | required | Percentage of the total extent cost that's charged automatically (for example, a 100 settlement value will charge the full cost of extent included below). Value is charged at the time of settlement trigger plus time difference from offset. |

Reviewer 3: Check whether 100 really means 100%. I think 1 means 100%.

> | `SettlementMaximumNights` | string | required | Maximum number of nights that will be charged automatically (Only applies to automatic settlements). Rest will be charged manualy. |

Reviewer: in response it seems it's a number

Author: Correct, will fix it

> | `SettlementMaximumNights` | nullable int | required | Maximum number of nights that will be charged automatically (Only applies to automatic settlements). Rest will be charged manualy. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SettlementMaximumNights` | nullable int | required | Maximum number of nights that will be charged automatically (only applies to automatic settlements). The rest will be charged manually. |
```

> | `SettlementMaximumNights` | nullable int | required | Maximum number of nights that will be charged automatically (only applies to automatic settlements). The rest will be charged manually. |

Reviewer 3: What is nullable int? There is nothing like int in JSON, only number. Should be `number | optional `

| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the rate. |
| `SettlementType` | string | required | `Automatic`, `Manual`. Determines if system will charge reservation cost automatically or if you'd like employees to manually process payments. |
| `SettlementAction` | string | required | `ChargeCreditCard`, `CreatePreauthorization`. Determines how payment will be taken at time of automatic trigger. Valid if settlement is automatic only. |

> | `SettlementTrigger` | string | required | Moment that amount is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the amount when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. Possible triggers: `Confirmation`, `Start`, `End`, `StartDate`, `EndDate`|

Reviewer 2: @dobras just one small thing, the sentence should end with a dot here, so it should be:
> Possible triggers: `Confirmation`, `Start`, `End`, `StartDate`, `EndDate`.
